REALLY BAD NETPLAY PROTOCOL TIME!

The server will accept connections!

The clients will perform a handshake like so:
Client connects to server and says "H" followed by a 3-digit protocol version number
    for example, "H139"
Server can reply...
    "H" (meaning you have to wait for an opponent)
        Server will later send "G" when opponent is found
    "G" (meaning pick your level)
    "N" (meaning FUCK YOU your protocol is out of date)

Client picks a level!
    In this state, server can send "L" followed by a level (0=10)
    This is the level the opponent chose.  This choice cannot be undone.
    For example, "L5"
Client can say
"L" followed by a level (0=10)
    This is the level the client picks.  For example, "L5"

After a client sends L and receives L, it will ask for panels and
garbage panels.  Play will begin as soon as panels and garbage
panels are known for both stacks.

gameplay!
Whenever it likes, client will ask the server for panels by saying
"P" followed by a 1-digit number of colors and a 6-digit bottommost row of panels.
    for example, "P5524153"
    Server will reply with "P" followed by 120 randomly generated panels.
        Panels should be in the range from 1 to K inclusive where K is the number of colors.
    Server will tell the other client "O" followed by the same panels.

The client can also ask for panels for garbage to turn into by saying
"Q6123456" in a similar way.
    Server will reply with "Q" followed by 120 randomly generated panels.
    Server will tell the other client "R" followed by the same panels.

Each frame, client will send its input state to server by saying "I"
followed by 1 character representing the input state.

At any time during gameplay, client must accept any number of these messages:
    "P" followed by 120 digits
        This is 20 new rows of panels for the client's play area.
    "O" followed by 120 digits
        This is 20 new rows of panels for the opponent's play area.
    "I" followed by 1 digits
        This is an input state.
        It represents a frame worth of the opponent's play.
