This file attempts to summarize design differences between this game and similar games like Tetris Attack.

In Tetris Attack, it seems like a panel cannot match in the same frame
that it does some other state transition.  This is implemented in Panel
Attack by performing the matches check before the other state transitions.
The result is very dirty...

In Tetris Attack, the rising of the stack is not smooth around displacement=0.
This part of the animation takes just as long regardless of speed.
This is most noticeable if you use L or R, the stack will sort of jitter on its way up.
There are no plans to implement this.

In Tetris Attack, only one pair of panels can be swapping at any time, and
the new swap can only be created in some frames of the old swap.  In
Panel Attack, the timing is unrestricted.

In Tetris Attack, chains past 13 do not generate bigger chain blocks.  
Panel Attack's chain blocks are always (chain length - 1) high.

The procedures for generating initial configurations of panels and clusters
of [!] blocks bear only a superficial resemblance to the ones employed in
Tetris Attack.
Many more initial configurations are possible in Panel Attack.

In Tetris Attack, a stack of garbage that should all begin falling at the same
time will occasionally separate.
Panel Attack will not implement this behaviour.

In Panel de Pon (but not in Tetris Attack), a manual rise that is interrupted
by a match will finish after the match and rise lock end.
Panel Attack will not implement this behaviour.

In Tetris Attack, when you are topped out and have run out of stop and shake time, you can be granted a "grace period".
This grace period comes in the form of literal stop time, and it will not be granted again until you are no longer topped out.
Panel Attack instead implements this in the form of health.
Health only drains when the player is topped out and has run out of stop/shake time.
Health is separate from stop/shake time.
Health is restored when you are no longer topped out.
